## The Boy Who Flew Too High

The underground paths housing the Minotaur beneath the isle of Crete were
created by the dangerous and intelligent mind of Daedalus, an artist of
design and construction. Daedalus was so brilliant that King Minos of Crete
kept him as a prisoner. Daedalus lived with his son Icarus in a tower of the
palace, and King Minos made him build tremendous weapons of war.
Although Daedalus and Icarus had a very comfortable life in the tower of the
palace, the father wished to return home to Athens. His son hardly
remembered Athens, but he dreamed of running and playing in the open.

Daedalus looked at the waves of the Mediterranean Sea, and realized that
even if they could manage to escape from the tower and find a little boat,
they wouldn’t get very far before they were caught by one of the ships of
King Minos’ navy. He thought for a long time about the best way to escape
and finally, he came up with a plan. He told King Minos that he needed
feathers and wax for a new project. After Daedalus received the feathers, he
took them to the roof of the tower, and placed the feathers into four lines.
He organized the feathers from shortest to longest until the feathers formed
gentle half-moon shapes. Then, Daedalus stuck the feathers together with
string in the middle and wax at the base.

While Daedalus worked, Icarus played with the wax, making it flat between
his fingers, and he chased feathers that floated on the wind. Daedalus
showed Icarus how he had made the feathers into two pair of wings. He put
the larger pair onto his arms, and began to quickly move them up and down
until his feet took off from the floor, and he seemed to stand in the sky. Icarus
laughed and could not wait to try out the smaller pair of wings.